Clarify decoupled models documentation (#90)
triton-inference-server/backend: README.md

##### Decoupled Responses

It is also possible for a backend to send one or more responses
for a request. A backend may also
send responses out-of-order relative to the order that the request
batches are executed. Such backends are called *decoupled* backends.

The decoupled backends use one `ResponseFactory` object per request to
create and send any number of responses for the request. They must send at

> least one final response, even if it is empty and the client opts out of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
least one final response per request (even if it contains no output tensors).
```

Reviewer: I think it is best to leave out mentioning the client here - again 'client' can be c api, grpc, http, etc. 

so the backend should just consider it a request - and be agnostic to how it got there -

> receiving this final response. For this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this
```

kind of backend, executing a single inference request typically requires
the following steps:

1. For each request input tensor, use TRITONBACKEND_InputProperties to
  get shape and datatype of the input as well as the buffer(s)
  containing the tensor contents.

2. Create a `ResponseFactory` object for the request using
  TRITONBACKEND_ResponseFactoryNew.

3. Create a response from the `ResponseFactory` object using
  TRITONBACKEND_ResponseNewFromFactory. As long as you have the
  `ResponseFactory` object, you can continue creating responses.

4. For each output tensor which the request expects to be returned, use
  TRITONBACKEND_ResponseOutput to create the output tensor of the
  required datatype and shape. Use TRITONBACKEND_OutputBuffer to get a
  pointer to the buffer where the tensor's contents should be written.

5. Use the inputs to perform the inference computation that produces
  the requested output tensor contents into the appropriate output
  buffers.

6. Optionally set parameters in the response.

7. Send the response using TRITONBACKEND_ResponseSend.

8. Repeat steps 3-7 until there are no more responses.

> 8. Use TRITONBACKEND_ResponseFactorySendFlags to send the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Send the last response for a request using either TRIONBACKEND_ResponseSend with a TRITONSERVER_ResponseCompleteFlag or after all responses have been sent for a request using TRITONBACKEND_ResponseFactorySendFlags. 
```

Reviewer: Might need to tweak the wording a bit -but want to make sure to mention both mechanisms - either response with flags or 'flags only'

##### Decoupled Responses

It is also possible for a backend to send multiple responses
for a request. A backend may also
send responses out-of-order relative to the order that the request
batches are executed. Such backends are called *decoupled* backends.

> The decoupled backends use one `ResponseFactory` object per request to

Reviewer 2: Add a section before this clarifying what we mean by the response in this context. 
Also point users to this section: https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/docs/user_guide/decoupled_models.md#knowing-when-a-decoupled-inference-request-is-complete
On how these empty final responses can be detected on the client side. Basically, we should clarify the meaning of response from backend's context and the client context and how they are related.

Reviewer: @tanmayv25 - I think I would avoid too much on this point here as it can confuse the issue - meaning how a client detects it is seperate from what the requirement on the backend is. We can add a pointer for further information - but I wouldn't try to describe how they relate here if it becomes confusing. 

I think the main thing to clarify here is just the exact requirement for the backend.

Does that make sense?

Reviewer 2: I understand. Marking this issue as resolved.

create and send any number of responses for the request. They must send at

> least one final response per request (even if it contains no output tensors).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
least one final response per request (even if it is flags-only response).
```

Reviewer 2: Also add a line saying `TRITONBACKEND_ResponseFactorySendFlags` can be used to send these flags-only response from the backend.

Reviewer: @tanmayv25 I think the second part is handled in the steps outlined later?

Reviewer 2: I was thinking of elaborating on what actually a response with no output tensors or flags-only empty response is.

Author: I updated the verbiage and added the clarifying sentence. Tanmay, let me know what you think.

3. Create a response from the `ResponseFactory` object using
  TRITONBACKEND_ResponseNewFromFactory. As long as you have the
  `ResponseFactory` object, you can continue creating responses.

4. For each output tensor which the request expects to be returned, use
  TRITONBACKEND_ResponseOutput to create the output tensor of the
  required datatype and shape. Use TRITONBACKEND_OutputBuffer to get a
  pointer to the buffer where the tensor's contents should be written.

5. Use the inputs to perform the inference computation that produces
  the requested output tensor contents into the appropriate output
  buffers.

6. Optionally set parameters in the response.

7. Send the response using TRITONBACKEND_ResponseSend.

8. Repeat steps 3-7 until there are no more responses.

8. Send the last response for a request using either TRIONBACKEND_ResponseSend
  with a TRITONSERVER_ResponseCompleteFlag or after all responses have been
  sent for a request using TRITONBACKEND_ResponseFactorySendFlags.
  TRITONSERVER_RESPONSE_COMPLETE_FINAL flag using the
  request's `ResponseFactory`. This is required for every request.

9. Release the request using TRITONBACKEND_RequestRelease.

> 

Reviewer 3: 8, 9, 10 - these are listed as 8. 8, 9

Reviewer 3: Oh weird, they actually render correctly, but in raw markdown are wrong

Author: Nice catch!

Reviewer: markdown you can actually make the all 1. :) It will number them for you.

> request or not send any responses for a request. A backend may also

Reviewer: I think we need to update this to clarify they need to send a response (though it can be empty) for every request.

Author: Thank you for the feedback! Perhaps we need to clarify whether or not we are considering the flag as a response?

It sounds like from the verbiage [here](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/docs/user_guide/decoupled_models.md#knowing-when-a-decoupled-inference-request-is-complete) around clients optionally opting in to receive an empty final response that sending the flag does not always generate a response. So it would not be equivalent to a response in my reading of the documentation.

Author: @nnshah1 Is that acceptable? Or would you like to discuss whether or not we are considering signaling the final flag as a response?

Reviewer: From the backend side I consider that the responsibility is to send a response with a final flag for every request.
Whether the client recieves that is a seperate concern - does that make sense?

Author: Sure! Thanks for clarifying. Let me know whether the new verbiage looks good to you.

Reviewer: reading it now, maybe we just remove the second part and leave the original:

"it's possible for a backend to send multiple responses."

That seems to read better - and we just remove the possibility of '0' responses.

I agree its a little confusing between what the backend sends and what the client receives - but this part is primarily for the backend. 

what is available to client is also partly determined by the front end -

Author: Thank you for your detailed feedback and explanations! Incorporated it into the latest commit.

Reviewer 2: I think we should properly document what do we mean by the response in the backend's context. It might be a bit confusing. For a longer term goal, if we are treating empty flags-only signal as a response from backend's context,
then we should consider **deprecating** `TRITONBACKEND_ResponseFactorySendFlags` which doesn't consider the SendFlags as an explicit response. We updated the grpc frontend recently to generate a response out of this final flag signal. 

I imagine that if we are treating flags only empty signal as a response from the backend's side, then it should happen with a unified API TRIONBACKEND_ResponseSend. 

@dyastremsky @nnshah1  what are your thoughts?

the following steps:

1. For each request input tensor, use TRITONBACKEND_InputProperties to
  get shape and datatype of the input as well as the buffer(s)
  containing the tensor contents.

2. Create a `ResponseFactory` object for the request using
  TRITONBACKEND_ResponseFactoryNew.

3. Create a response from the `ResponseFactory` object using
  TRITONBACKEND_ResponseNewFromFactory. As long as you have the
  `ResponseFactory` object, you can continue creating responses.

4. For each output tensor which the request expects to be returned, use
  TRITONBACKEND_ResponseOutput to create the output tensor of the
  required datatype and shape. Use TRITONBACKEND_OutputBuffer to get a
  pointer to the buffer where the tensor's contents should be written.

5. Use the inputs to perform the inference computation that produces
  the requested output tensor contents into the appropriate output
  buffers.

6. Optionally set parameters in the response.

7. Send the response using TRITONBACKEND_ResponseSend.

8. Repeat steps 3-7 until there are no more responses.

8. Use TRITONBACKEND_ResponseFactorySendFlags to send the
  TRITONSERVER_RESPONSE_COMPLETE_FINAL flag using the

>   request's `ResponseFactory`. This lets Triton know to clean up memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  request's `ResponseFactory`. This is required for every request even if sending an empty response.
```

Author: Would you be comfortable with me shortening this to `This is required for every request.`?

I wanted to be clear with why this is important (i.e. so that someone who does not do this does not think that it magically worked... they know the consequence is memory growth that they can check and use in their debugging efforts). We do not need to include that, but related to the discussion above, I do not think that we want to state anything about the request having a response.
